1. What happens from the time a user puts a URL into their browser to when they are able
to view a webpage? - Briefly define ISP, URL, DNS, web server.


When connecting to the web you do this via an internet service provider (ISP). Your computer then contacts a network of servers called the Domain Name system servers which tells your computer the IP address associated with the request domain name which is the URL you entered into your browser like google.com , for example. This unique number that the DNS server returns to your computer then allows your browser to contact the web server that hosts the website you requested. Lastly, the web server then sends the page you requested to your web browser. An ISP is an organization that provides services for accessing and using the internet. A URL (uniform resource locator) is the address of a given unique resource on the web. This is the web address that you would type into a browser if you wanted to visit that specific page. DNS is like the phonebook of the internet, it tells your computer the IP address associated with the requested domain name. Web servers are special computers that are constantly connected to the Internet, and are optimized to send web pages out to people who request them.

2. What is html? What does it do?

HTML(Hyper Text Markup Language) is a standard markup language used to create web pages. HTML describes the structure of a web page, consists of a series of elements, and tells the browser how to display the content. Your web browser also interprets HTML code to create the webpage that you see. 

3. Access https://www.fordham.edu/. In your own words, describe how this webpage uses structure to convey meaning and navigation options to the user.

When accessing Fordhams website there’s many different structures that convey meaning and navigation to all users. Something that I noticed is there are a lot of HTML writing links that brings you to different parts of the website. For example, students can click on the “log in” tab which will bring you to user authentication for a username and password. This link will then bring you to the user portal of the website which can then lead you to student applications like blackboard, zoom, handshake, etc. Students can also click on other HTML writing links that bring you to grades and the tuition side of Fordhams website. The structure of the site also organizes the different sections into different directories. The root folder of the site holds the homepage while the other sections like grades and tuition are subdirectories of the students section. The site also contains plenty of headings which emphasizes the importance of the different sections of the website. For example, the text “Fordham University” at the top is much larger than the other text to the right of it like “log in”, apply, etc. The site also emphasizes the most important news thats occurring at the time you access the website with enlarged images. For example, the first picture and headline for Fordham news that you see right when you enter the site is the section about campus life and how a Fordham student was able to find a love for soccer by joining the club soccer team. Additionally, as you scroll you will also find many more relevant news articles about Fordham that they want to emphasize to the user who could be a potential student sometime in the future. 

4. What is an html element? Tag? Attribute?

An HTML element is a component of an HTML document that tells a web browser how to structure and interpret a part of the HTML document. Elements are usually made up of two tags: an opening tag and a closing tag. An HTML tag is a piece of markup language used to indicate the beginning and end of an HTML element in an HTML document. Tags act like containers and they tell you something about the information that lies between their opening and closing tags. The attribute name indicates what kind of extra information you are supplying about the element's content. They appear on the opening tag of the element and are made up of two parts: a name and a value, separated by an equals sign.

